DIS

DAY 1: Innovation

Anders: awareness , sferical AI: 1252 GPUs, 158kw per racks, liquid cooling

Maria Wiss: 32% structured data and 25% unstructured data is AI ready
1. Strict business alignment before you jump in AI. Be specific about what an agent will do.
2. Solid data foundation: ensure multicloud support, 
3. Component of the agentic enterprise 


Data platform and architecture stage: Codento Google Cloud
Acceldata says: Data management in this agentic era. Data is the fundamental fabric to your system. Partner of ServiceNow
Why MCP-DC matters. You need agents to scale

At 11:10
Data engineering and data ops stage:
How Meta understands data at scale:
Enumerate: all about the schema. Discover all the assets and then 
Schematize: project native schema into one canonical dataSchema from all the different systems. 
Classify:  
1. heuristic : like using regex to detect email address 
2. ML classifiers: 

https://engineering.fb.com/2025/04/28/security/how-meta-understands-data-at-scale/


Dora: Resilience, EU AI act’s risk framework 
Regulations 


Spotify: personalization evolution
Human curated —> prediction —> Generative AI
New Features:
Spotify DJ
Prompt to Playlist 
Taste Profile

Powered by new models:


Riksbanken:


SEB:

Encrypt the data and give the cypher text to LLM. 

Performance is the bottleneck. Takes a lot of time. If you have your own GPU and less data and only one use case, then it’s good 

https://www.cesarsotovalero.net/teaser

Closing note:

Agentic AI, openclaw, 
Why is the explosion happening now: AI is doubling its capability in every 7 months, frontier AI models.

Post training: takes tokens and compute. Then agent to agent talking

Data centers become token generators/AI Factories. 

AI Infrastructure is an eco-system is a 5 layer cake.
Take a very light weight models ( open source) instead of frontier models if it suits your requirements to save money in the form of tokens.
Check Nemoclaw

Day 2:
Keynote:
Google:
Create, Manage agents.
Moving from data to semantic knowledge
AI native: 
Gemini enterprise:
Demo: Agent catalog product in cloud console
The team is also changing, kind of moving from solo performer to an orchestration 

Redeploy:
Ownership 
Isolation: blast radius problem. Isolate the problem.
Standard: schema mismatch. Same field is bigint in one table and string in another. 
Solution: use template.
Schema validation , tag check before insertion.
Detection:
Repair run:
Visibility:

Tag assets, structure job and validation.


Is your data enterprise ready for an agentic future: fabrics Governance, compute, AI, Knowledge. MCP is a critical part of AI fabric.
Knowledge fabric: same as metadata fabric 
Governance fabrics: 
Compute fabric: is the engine
Metadata is derived from the data. 

Everything is metadata driven.


ICA:
Annie talks about the journey. Learning which tools to use is the key.

Träffikverket:
Analytics is insight, Operations action
Mobility data space integration

Scania: talking about Stitch from Google
Google AI Studio


Day 3:
Keynote: 
Henrik: decision by quorum. 

IBM Bob: connex7 MCP
WXO Agent Architect


Databricks: ai-dev-kit
Create data branches
There is a repetition of compute and storage 

Panel discussion:
You don’t fail because of the technology. 
Fix the data, be relevant, get the product data correct in order to make AI models work.
Know which Customer Data Platform(CDP) you want or build your own.
Choose right AI vendors or partners. Set the rules who is who.
Educate your people about how are you going to work with AI.
People need data literacy and tech people need business literacy.
Should involve all the people to innovate, play with AI tools.
Elgiganten: personalization
Testing, learning and improving.
Look into the reviews
Fix your data. 
ABT: always be testing, small iteration
What you cannot measure doesn’t exist:
Progression over perfection.

DBT: chat with your data


The conference is all about AI adoption.




